Fix example in ExecuteScript JSON encoded results (#1662)
MicrosoftDocs/edge-developer: microsoft-edge/webview2/how-to/javascript.md

## Scenario: ExecuteScript JSON-encoded results

> Because the result of `ExecuteScriptAsync` is JSON-encoded, if the result of evaluating the JavaScript is a string, you will receive a JSON-encoded string and not the value of the string. For example, the following code executes script that results in a string including the quotes at the start and end and the escaping slashes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the result of `ExecuteScriptAsync` is JSON-encoded, if the result of evaluating the JavaScript is a string, you will receive a JSON-encoded string and not the value of the string. For example, the following code executes script that results in a string.  The resulting string includes a quote at the start, a quote at the end, and escaping slashes:
```

> ```c#

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```csharp
```
